README.md, before:

# provisioner

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/automium/provisioner.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/automium/provisioner)

deploy ansible role in a distribuite manner on your favorite terraform provider

the automium provisioner take care for two special tags for bootstrap your cluster

## variables

TODO list the variables here

### NETWORK_SECURITY_PORTS
a list of ports or ranges e.g.
```
80,443,10000-20000
```

## usage

create a .env file, see [.env.example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/automium/provisioner/master/.env.example) and download the composes

```
curl -Ss https://raw.githubusercontent.com/automium/provisioner/master/docker-compose.yml > docker-compose.yml
```

### deploy

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose run --rm deploy
```

### rolling upgrade

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose run --rm upgrade
```

### apply

call terraform apply directly without waiting readiness

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose run --rm apply
```

## contribute

download the repo and make your changes

```
git clone https://github.com/automium/provisioner.git
cd provisioner
```

edit, build and test locally

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml build --no-cache --pull
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml run --rm deploy
```

## tags

TODO better explain the tags workflow

### bootstrap

is used for task that must run one time on the leader (bootstrap) node. Es. initialize the cluster

### others

is used for task that must not run on leader node, but on the others nodes. Es. manage scale up of the cluster

Commit message:

Add doc for PROVISIONER_CONFIG_WAIT_CLEANUP

README.md, after:

# provisioner

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/automium/provisioner.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/automium/provisioner)

deploy ansible role in a distribuite manner on your favorite terraform provider

the automium provisioner take care for two special tags for bootstrap your cluster

## variables

TODO list the variables here

### PROVISIONER_CONFIG_WAIT_CLEANUP
if true the provisoiner waits until cleanup is done

### NETWORK_SECURITY_PORTS
a list of ports or ranges e.g.
```
80,443,10000-20000
```

## usage

create a .env file, see [.env.example](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/automium/provisioner/master/.env.example) and download the composes

```
curl -Ss https://raw.githubusercontent.com/automium/provisioner/master/docker-compose.yml > docker-compose.yml
```

### deploy

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose run --rm deploy
```

### rolling upgrade

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose run --rm upgrade
```

### apply

call terraform apply directly without waiting readiness

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose run --rm apply
```

## contribute

download the repo and make your changes

```
git clone https://github.com/automium/provisioner.git
cd provisioner
```

edit, build and test locally

```
docker-compose pull
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml build --no-cache --pull
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.dev.yml run --rm deploy
```

## tags

TODO better explain the tags workflow

### bootstrap

is used for task that must run one time on the leader (bootstrap) node. Es. initialize the cluster

### others

is used for task that must not run on leader node, but on the others nodes. Es. manage scale up of the cluster
